and now for the 1990 celebrity
I mean celebrity wagon with the biggest
muffin of all winter if it will start on
a cold day like today at least it's
sunny might as well follow the bunny
trail or the Jackrabbits live under it
I think it's more than 2 feet deep back
here there's geo man's favorite car and
that's actually the gland pee it's not
even recognizable yes it won't be
climbing in the driver's door of this
car I don't even know if I can get in
the passenger door you'd never know that
was a celebrity where that was a blunder
turd you get more snow on them when
they're parked back in the forest
there's no wind to blow it off okay time
to knock off a gliese here
not starting to look recognizable ya
know as protection required we're all
set now there's going to shovel the hood
off to put a battery in finally got all
the snow dug off you can see the frost
glistening on the block got a fresh
battery let's do it
loaded with the optional depress
windshield
thanks to Hayden now they even got the
right key to video work
kinda I guess bottle sign here we go
prime it a few times says we got some
fuel Prime again
come on don't let me down you're a Chevy
you've always started oh we got a fart
yep it doesn't like no back pressure in
a cold day that's for sure yes yes yes
you can depend on your Chevrolet that's
for sure
so my Toyotas didn't start this year but
Chevy's Chevy's always did
it's always good to rev your engines on
a cold day
sweet the exhaust is backing up inside
the car
you can see it's fine it's way out
smoking out all those poor bunnies under
there
perfect
so this sort of looks out of place
now let's go back inside and see if we
can do some burnout action
sure we won't go anywhere
yeah
we're moving
hardly
I think we're running out of gas anyways
success
now that's a commercial for you drive a
Chevrolet there's tire smokey we come
out of the fender wells